This package contains a whole set of classes and sub packages, which will serve as a sample data to test if the diagrams created by our project will actually be accurate and correct.

We want to test every possible combination of relations of package diagrams and class diagrams.

Each class will be documented, to inform the reader about its characteristics; from fields to what it extends and/or implements, etc.



The following is a description of the relations we can find in a package diagram or a class diagram.

- Relations in a package diagram :
	+ import : we use this relation if a class from package A imports a class from package B.
	
	+ access : we use this relation if a class from package A uses a class from package B (for example inheritance, or implementation).
	
	+ merge : we can use this relation to inform that a package is made of multiple packages (integration of multiple functionalities for example). We can avoid using this relation by drawing the sub packages inside the main package; it provides almost the same meaning.
	
	
- Relations in a class diagram :
	+ generalization : depicts inheritance.
	
	+ aggregation : depicts the fact that a class is made of other classes, so in other words, used when a class has other classes as attributes and we want to link between the class and these classes.
	
	+ composition : depicts the same thing as aggregation, + the following : the classes attributes are in fact inner classes; declared inside that class, thus if the class representing the whole is removed, the inner classes will be removed too.
	
	+ association class : used when 2 classes share some attributes and methods, so instead of rewriting them, we use this relation.
	
	+ realization : depicts implementation of an interface.
	
	+ dependency : depicts a dependency between 2 classes (such as when a class A uses a method of class B).
	
	+ association : used when none of the above can be used, and represents simply some kind of relation (often semantic) between 2 or more classes. 
	
	
	
	